Use SQL CLI to load schema in Spring Data JDBC for ScalarDB samples (#36)
scalar-labs/scalardb-samples: scalardb-sample/README.md

This tutorial illustrates the process of creating a sample e-commerce application, where items can be ordered and paid for with a credit card using ScalarDB.
In this tutorial, you will build the application on Cassandra.

> Although Cassandra does not provide ACID transaction capabilities, Cassandra can support ACID transactions by interfacing through ScalarDB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although Cassandra does not provide ACID transaction capability, you can run ACID transactions on Cassandra if you interact with it through ScalarDB.
```
